Okay.
So to kick this lesson off, I just want to point out that there's something I missed in the previous
lesson here in our get degrees that test that yes.
File, I forgot to update this description right here.
It should obviously be get degrees.
That's what we're testing.
And this, of course, is always the danger of copying and pasting.
You might forget to adjust one of your unnecessary changes, but luckily our tests are correct as far
as using the right function right here with get degrees and right here.
So this should be the final change in this file to replace all of the former occurrences of job with
degree.
All right.
So now let's move on to what I want to do in this lesson.
I want to follow a very similar approach to what I've done with earlier data, and that is that I want
to store this array of degrees that I'm going to get from my back end in my view store.
So you may recall we have our state dots file and in here we have a state arrow function that returns
the initial state of our view store.
So in the same way that we're storing jobs which are eventually going to be populated by the array of
jobs we receive from the jobs end point, I want to similarly create a property called Degrees.
I want to initialize it to be an empty array.
And then later on I'm going to write up the logic to receive our actual array of degrees and overwrite
the view store state from an empty array of degrees to an actual valid array of degrees once the API
request completes.
And then of course that's going to be advantageous because our view store is going to have that data
and then we can connect it to as many components as we'd like.
So again, to follow a TDD approach, I'm going to first write a test for this new property on my View
Store State.
So I'm going to open up state that test that yes, we're about to that's apologies.
We're now in TypeScript.
All right.
And here we have all of our tests checking for the individual properties that should be on the store
and their initial values when the store and the state initialize.
So how about right here?
We'll add a new test and I'm going to say it's stores all degrees that jobs may require.
All right.
And right here, it's going to be a very similar test to what we have everywhere in this file.
I'm going to have a contest called Starting State, and I'm going to invoke the state function, which
is the function on the left hand side.
And I'm going to expect that that's going to return an object.
And on that starting state object, I'm going to access a property that does not exist yet, but that
I will implement and I expect there to be a degree as property.
And that, of course, should be equal to an empty array.
Now, of course, the reason that our test is complaining is because we are in TypeScript.
So TypeScript, of course, will say, hey, property degrees does not exist on type global state.
And that is fantastic because TypeScript is actually telling us, hey, you don't actually have this
implemented yet.
It's one more additional thing that will have to fix in order to get everything to run effectively.
So you'll notice, by the way, if I move over here and say, okay, now that I have my failing test,
I don't obviously have this degrees property.
What I can do is move on over here and provide degrees and provide it as an empty array and save it
and try to get the test to pass.
Unfortunately, we're going to see that TypeScript is still going to be very unhappy because even though
our test should technically pass, the reason why it doesn't is because TypeScript is unhappy, because
it knows that there's a mismatch.
So it's telling to us right here the type that it's getting where we have an is logged in property,
a jobs property, a degree is property is not assignable to the type that it expects to be returned
from these state function, which is a global state.
So we've told TypeScript that we want to return an object of type global state, which is of course
this type right here.
I'm going to drag it to the right.
So this is what we promised TypeScript.
Our state function would return.
And of course this interface has four properties, while our actual object right here has five.
And so Typekit says something is extra here.
You're giving me a property that I don't know about.
Please tell me what this thing is.
So, of course, what we need to do here is to update the interface here as well, so that TypeScript
understands what a global state looks like right now.
So in order to have a degree's property, we're going to need to set it to have a type of a degree array,
which means we're going to need to import the degree interface that we declared in the previous lesson.
Luckily, that is already available in this type's far right here.
So here I'm simply going to add a comma and import my degree interface as a reminder that is that interface
with two properties, ID and degree.
And so now I'm going to add my new property that should exist on this type of object.
It's going to be called degrees and it is going to be a type degree array.
All right.
So an array consisting of those degree objects, each object within this array must implement that interface.
So now you'll notice the issue here goes away.
You'll also notice the issue right here goes away and goes away, because now it understands that we're
getting a global state object here, and it's totally fair for it to have a degree's property because
we said so that it would in this types file right here.
We said that the state function would return an object of type global state.
That type of object represented by this global state interface has a degrees property.
So TypeScript is happy and thus the entire error goes away.
And you can see all of our tests pass as well.
So hopefully that gives you a better sense of how TypeScript again tries to enforce better code practices
and again, kind of force us to provide types when necessary and shows us the disconnect.
Maybe one object here has an additional property or one less property or the same number of properties.
But there's a mismatch between types or even a more deeper mismatch and types like two properties may
have or on two different objects may both have an array of objects, but the object inside those arrays
aren't matching types as they should.
And so TypeScript can get that many levels deep.
And that's where its true power shines.
It's going to help you avoid all those errors by pointing out those inconsistencies throughout your
code base.
All right.
So with that, we've covered all this in this lesson, and I will see you in the next one.